
## Before Reading
### What am I reading?

Usage and Attribution of Stack Overflow Code Snippets in GitHub Projects(https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.02938.pdf)
> written by. Sebastian Baltes, Stephan Diehl

### Why am I interested?

Ethical paper!  
It's a blowoff for me: General developer's consciousness on copyright issue.  
Also particularly interesting since the subject of interest is SO(Stack Overflow) Q&A, which I also refer to often. 🧐

## About the Paper
### Problem Stated
Simply copy & paste-ing code snippets from Stack Overflow(SO, the most code qna online community) raises copyright problem just like any other properties. Specifically, SO's license requires attribution, i.e., referencing the original question or answer. Among codes that referenced SO, how much of them does this attribution?

### Approach
Chose target language as solely Java, because it has a unique file extension and is usually not embedded in other files. The authors distinguish b/w attributed and unattributed usage by going through three phases: First, deploy regex to find copies of the ten most frequently referenced Java answers. Second, employ a code-clone detector. Thrid, iteratively and manually search for 

### Result
Very little did attributed usage(less than 1/4). 
Most of them did not follow four rules required by SO. 
Most developers were not aware of the licensing of code. The ones who know deep of license are very few.

### Question & Tackle
How do authors tune their hyperparameter(e.g., "6" LOC for non-trivial code snippet)? 
Instead of getting rid of any snippets available outside of SO, the authors should better check the uploaded/modified date of the two and compare to decide the original.
For RQ3, the sample of hundred code snippets is too small.

### Good & Praiseworthy
Analytical research questions.
Liked how they tried to get rid of false positive in any phase.
Marking response rate of survey.
The topic of this paper indeed!

### Contribution + Personal Thoughts
This paper tackles the exact point where every programmer would get pricked at their consciousness. For me, it was the first time to actually encounter required attribution form(i.e., hyperlink, authors' names for every qna and so on) required by SO.
In that the authors have done extensive empirical study on at least Java and yielded somewhat expected result, this paper is surely something that should have been done earlier. I personally haven't really thought of copyright issue regarding code snippet. Instead, have done thought about for the whole project. I want to raise an issue about **To which extent can a code snippet regarded as one's property?**. Also, since some that posts on SO simply want their creation to be publicly useful, I suggest needs of copyright note also in code snippets online. 

## Miscellaneous
### New Technical Things
Social desirability bias
Dataset and API

### New English Voca
proxy: 대리
dichotomy: 이분
